docs: update endpoint descriptions [TECH-1568] (#14003)
dhis2/dhis2-core: dhis-2/dhis-web-api/src/main/resources/openapi/EnrollmentsExportController.md

### `getEnrollments.parameter.enrolledAfter`

Get enrollments with an enrollment date after the given date.

### `getEnrollments.parameter.enrolledBefore`

Get enrollments with an enrollment date before the given date.

### `getEnrollments.parameter.enrollment`

`<enrollment1-uid>[;<enrollment2-uid>...]`

Get enrollments with the given UID(s).

### `getEnrollments.parameter.followUp`

Get enrollments with the given follow-up status.

### `getEnrollments.parameter.includeDeleted`

Get soft-deleted enrollments by specifying `includeDeleted=true`. Soft-deleted enrollments are excluded by default.

### `getEnrollments.parameter.orgUnit`

> Get enrollments owned by given `orgUnit` relative to the `ouMode`. 

Author: The details of the relation between the ouMode and the org unit is only explained here and not in the ouMode description. It can perhaps be moved, but then the two parameters end up being described together in their entirety. Ca you have a look again and form an opinion?

- When `ouMode=SELECTED` - or no `ouMode` is given - the enrollments owned by the `orgUnit` is returned.
- When `ouMode=CHILDREN` the enrollments owned by the `orgUnit` or by the `orgUnit`s direct children is returned.
- When `ouMode=DESCENDANTS` the enrollments owned by the `orgUnit` or by any of the descendants under the `orgUnit` is returned.
- When `ouMode=ALL`, `ouMode=CAPTURE` or `ouMode=ACCESSIBLE` the `orgUnit` parameter will be ignored.

### `getEnrollments.parameter.ouMode`

Get enrollments using given organisation unit selection mode.

> - When `ouMode=SELECTED`, `ouMode=CHILDREN` or `ouMode=DESCENDANTS`, the `orgUnit` parameter is also required to specify which enrollments to download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When `ouMode=SELECTED`, `ouMode=CHILDREN` or `ouMode=DESCENDANTS`, the `orgUnit` parameter is required to specify which enrollments to return.
```

I would stick to `returned` instead of `downloaded` 😄
